Add DOWNLOAD_SDL2 CMake variable (and default to true) (#4418)
DFHack/dfhack: CMakeLists.txt

include(CMake/DownloadFile.cmake)

> set(DOWNLOAD_FILES FALSE CACHE BOOL "Allow downloading files during the build")

Reviewer: Could this be replaced with a narrower scope "USE_SYSTEM_SDL2_HEADERS"? Then, no changes would have to be made to WIN32, DARWIN, or 32-bit code paths

Author: Probably not a bad idea.

Author: Replaced with DOWNLOAD_SDL2, defaulting to TRUE

find_package(ZLIB REQUIRED)
include_directories(${ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIRS})

> set(DOWNLOAD_SDL2 TRUE CACHE BOOL "Download the SDL2 headers and libraries.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(DOWNLOAD_SDL2 TRUE CACHE BOOL "Download the SDL2 headers for compilation. Set to FALSE to use system headers.")
```

Reviewer: we don't actually care about the libraries. they don't get installed with the DFHack package.
